hey what's up you guys it's calmer and
today I'm going to talk about some of
the series that i will not be finishing
recently I watched Astrid and Reagan's
videos on the books that they are the
book series that they plan I'm not
finishing at all and so I figured I'd
jump on that train and talk about some
of the ones that I just can't bring
myself to finish the first thing is that
i will not be finishing is this hush
hush saga by becca fitzpatrick
the series of series about fallen angels
and instalove and I just I read the
first two I think or three and i just
can't read any more of that at all I
just don't like it I think that the
fallen angel thing that's just not for
me sorry Becca Fitzpatrick the next
series that i will not be finishing is
the fallen series by lauren kate
the first one is fallen and then I don't
know the rest of them because this is
also fallen angel thing and the angels
or it's like a love triangle with a
human / thing and and the angels I just
don't like it and I don't I just don't
like angel stuff anymore I guess I can't
read it anymore the next series that I
will not be finishing is the witch and
wizard series by james patterson
it was originally a trilogy and then he
can he extended it and he wrote a fourth
book and I think there's a fifth book
coming out and I just hated the fourth
book I thought it was terrible he
definitely concluded the series after
the third book and with the fourth one I
just didn't see any point in why he
would continue the series apart from
just making money and I also looked up
online that he James Patterson is like
one of the people that hires ghost
riders a lot so I'm sure the series
isn't even being written by him anymore
so I just I'm done I don't want to read
it anymore well and they change the
covers so I'll done the next thing is
that i will not be finishing is the
Wolves of Mercy falls series by Maggie
Steve honor
shiver linger and forever I read the
first two in the series and then I tried
to read the third one and I just
couldn't do it I think it just really
just rubbed me the wrong way and it just
wasn't for me um and it also had
instalove and and I don't understand how
they got together in the first place in
the first book it just didn't make much
sense to me it's just weird that she
would like just randomly start like
loving some do that she's never talked
to before her life I don't know it just
it was weird the next series i think
it's just a duology i'm not quite sure
though but it's suck it up by brandon
meal
I read the first book a long long time
ago like when I was in high school maybe
six years ago or so and uh they came out
with a second book and I just don't see
myself buying the second book i think if
i owned it i would probably read it I
just don't want to spend the money on it
so i guess that's saying something the
next series all i'll be finishing is the
soul seeker series by what's her name by
Alison Noelle
it's about a girl named era humu suit
it's about a girl named heir who moves
in with her grandmother after she had
start suffering from hallucinations and
she just learns that she has powers or
something and she meets a boy in town
he's pretty cute so like she starts
hanging out with him and it's just you
know regular girl falls in love with boy
they have a lot of problems and it's
just kind of frustrating the first one
is fine I liked it and second one was
good but the covers keep getting more
and more girly and so I like them less
and less and I cannot bring myself to
buy on the third book which is called
mystic it's just the cover I just can't
buy that it just won't spend money on it
I'm sorry the next series that I will
not be completing is the frontier magic
series by Patricia read
I read the first book a long time ago
which is called 13th child and then I
read the second book which is something
barrier the main story is about a girl
and her twin brother and her twin
brother was born first and he's the 12th
child and he's a seventh son of a
seventh son and the main girl character
being the twin it was born after that
she's the 13th child and so she is
extremely unlucky and everyone just
thinks that she's like mildly curse and
so she just really gets the short end of
the stick and she has to deal with that
and then she finds out that or she has
to overcome her own Mike mind block that
she's a curse and she needs to like just
suck it up and realize that she can do
whatever she wants to do the world that
mystery bill for the frontier magic
series was awesome and I loved it and I
thought I had a lot of potential and I
really just like saw it going in awesome
places but she made the main character
very frustrating and she just like kind
of made dumb decisions and it was just
annoying that she just was so stuck in
her frame of mind of thinking that she
was less than everyone else and I just
got frustrated and fed up with it and
the writing isn't that good um I just
really like the setting so I think I'm
just done with that one and last series
that I probably won't be finishing which
I might get the most hate for would be
the shadow me series by tana mafi I read
the first book last summer or fall I'm
not sure it was like one of my first
videos was a review on shatter me and I
did enjoy the book I just I don't know I
just feel like there's so much hype
about it and I don't really feel the
same at least like the first book
everyone was like it was so amazing and
I just kind of liked it it didn't think
it was like some fantastic work of
literature anything I didn't think it
was a must-read um I don't know I liked
this book but i don't i don't know i
just don't really see myself really
pushing myself to finish it and i think
i have so many series open that i would
rather read than that
so those are the series that I'm
probably not going to finish in the
comments below let me know what you guys
think about the ones that I have chosen
to abandon and I will respond and we can
chat about it if you so please if you
like this video please give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you next time bye